Docs release 1.10.0 csi 4365 host define (#517)
IBM/ibm-block-csi-driver: docs/content/installation/install_compatibility_requirements.md

   `oc apply -f 99-ibm-attach.yaml`

> 2. (Optional): Configure your storage system host attachment, per worker node.

Reviewer: it's not optional by default, because installing the host definer is optional by itself (i.e. they cannot both be optional independently, one of them has to be done)

Author: updated

>     **Note:** As of IBM® block storage CSI driver 1.10 release, host attachment is now automatic on new host connectivity, if the HostDefinition custom resource is installed. For more information and installation instructions, see [Installing the `HostDefinition` custom resource](install_hostdefinition.md). If this CR is not installed, the CSI driver does not define hosts on your storage system.

Reviewer: (volume to) host `attachment` has always "automatic" (dynamic), this feature is strictly about host `definition`, no changes to the attachment (/publish/map) feature

Author: updated

Reviewer: I still see `attachment` there (`defining the host attachment is now automatic for new host connectivity`).
I don't think `attachment` is relevant to this feature (and I don't think `connectivity` is relevant in this note either)

Author: @oriyarde  @matancarmeli7 
the original note for this prerequisite was: The CSI driver does not define hosts on your storage system.
is this something that now needs to be changed due to host definition feature?
Please see [Step 2](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/stg-block-csi-driver/1.9.0?topic=installing-compatibility-requirements) and let me know if this needs to be updated or not (and how)

Reviewer: IMO we shouldn't have used the term "attachment" for host definition, even before this feature

Reviewer: see my explanation [here](https://github.com/IBM/ibm-block-csi-driver/pull/517#pullrequestreview-1024601964)
HIH

Reviewer: LGTM

2. Configure your storage system host attachment, per worker node.

>     **Note:** IBM® block storage CSI driver 1.10 introduces dynamic host definition. For more information and installation instructions, see [Installing the host definer](install_hostdefinition.md). If this feature is not installed, the CSI driver does not dynamically define hosts on your storage system and they must be defined manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note:** IBM® block storage CSI driver 1.10 introduces dynamic host definition. For more information and installation instructions, see [Installing the host definer](install_hostdefinition.md). If this feature is not installed, the nodes are not dynamically defined on your storage system and they must be defined manually.
```
since this feature is arguably not part of the CSI driver, I would avoid implying it, at least for now

Author: updated
